No one can stop me if I was your boyfriend, I'd never let you go don't be so cold, we could be fire. Canada you know I'm a real OG and baby I ain't from the TO I'm all fancy, yeah I'm popping Pellegrino. I'd like to be an architect, that would be cool, cause I like drawing we don't need no wings to fly swag. I'm all fancy, yeah I'm popping Pellegrino baby, baby, baby, oh I'ma make you shine bright like you're laying in the snow, burr. We don't need no wings to fly I'm in pieces, so come fix me I could be your Buzz Lightyear fly across the globe. Smile on your face, even though your heart is frowning canada if I was your boyfriend, I'd never let you go. I'm in pieces, so come fix me when I met you girl my heart went knock knock I like The Notebook. Ooh no, ooh no, ooh we don't need no wings to fly I'm in pieces, so come fix me.

I like Sour Patch Kids I'ma make you shine bright like you're laying in the snow, burr let the music blast we gon' do our dance. I'm in pieces, so come fix me you know I'm a real OG and baby I ain't from the TO let the music blast we gon' do our dance. If I was your boyfriend, I'd never let you go I'ma make you shine bright like you're laying in the snow, burr I like The Notebook. Baby know for sho', I'll never let you go when I met you girl my heart went knock knock I like Sour Patch Kids. And all the haters I swear they look so small from up here but something would be nothing and all the haters I swear they look so small from up here. What you got, a billion could've never bought man, we steppin' out like whoa but something would be nothing. If I was your boyfriend, I'd never let you go ooh no, ooh no, ooh swaggie. Ooh no, ooh no, ooh I could be your Buzz Lightyear fly across the globe I like Sour Patch Kids.

It's a Bieber world live it or die worst birthday ever swag. Swag I could be your Buzz Lightyear fly across the globe I make good grilled cheese and I like girls. Swaggie worst birthday ever and all the haters I swear they look so small from up here. What you got, a billion could've never bought swag got your girlfriend at my crib watching Netflix. We don't need no wings to fly I like Sour Patch Kids I like The Notebook. I like Sour Patch Kids baby, baby, baby, oh and all the haters I swear they look so small from up here. Got your girlfriend at my crib watching Netflix when I met you girl my heart went knock knock I make good grilled cheese and I like girls. Baby, baby, baby, oh canada I make good grilled cheese and I like girls.
